Distinguished guests
Antique convention starts now
This antique convention is for tycoons from all walks of life
A total of 1,000 precious treasures have been prepared.
There are 500 genuine pieces.
500 fakes.
Each piece has a selling price.
The highest bidder gets
Can get antiques at the biggest price difference
Will receive this conference
Awarded the title of the best treasure appraiser
The king of treasure appraisal
But the antique world
Auction world
The highest honor recognized even by the archaeological community
Who needs to know their own title?
The antique sword in his hand is on fire
Then please present 1,000 treasures next
Please feel free to bid
Which one did you think was the most valuable here before?
this sentence
It should be the valuable value of the audience
You kid is here to joke
At first glance, this one is an imitation.
Not even $1,000.
You actually said it was the highest market value
That's funny.
Ye Xian is only at the level of your half bottle
Dare to learn from others for identification
Save it, no?
Let me take a look.
Mr. Ye
If you open the door, you should change the baby in the future.
Just him Wang Xiaoze
Let's take a gamble.
So let's take a look at these products
Which one is more valuable?